hey everybody so today I'm going to do a
tutorial on how I apply my mascara and
actually I wore eyelash extensions for
about almost eight or nine months so
what has happened to my eyelashes is
that it actually took off quite a lot of
my own natural lashes so for those of
you who want to try out eyelash
extensions I recommend that you do it
probably for when you take a holiday go
on vacation if you don't plan on wearing
makeup it is nice that you do have that
eyelash look so you don't have to wear
mascara but I wouldn't recommend using
eyelash extensions for a long period of
time because it did actually remove
quite a lot of my natural lashes so I'm
going to show you how I apply my mascara
now so that my eyelashes still look full
so if you want to see what how I do that
please continue watching so today I'm
using Rimmel London's scandal eyes retro
glam mascara in black and to begin I
wiggle the mascara one from left to
right through my eyelashes so that I
evenly coat each lash with mascara then
I use the tip of the wand to pull the
outermost eyelashes out now you look
down and you stroke the wand across the
top of your lashes so that the top of
your lashes are also coated with mascara
and since we push them down a bit use
the one to pull the eyelashes back up
and you can repeat this again and again
depending on how much mascara you like
to wear you can do a heavy look or you
can do it a bit like today I'm just
doing a light mascara look
so once you're happy with the amount of
mascara that you've put onto your
eyelashes after a couple of coats our
next step would be to clean the lashes
with a spoolie or any kind of eyelash
brush so I run them through again
wiggling the spoolie back and forth to
remove any clumps that the mascara could
have created
and then as you can see i curled it i
curled the brush around on the back of
my eyelashes just to remove any clumps
once again
going back again with the mascara wand
to add a little bit more it's up to you
really how many times you want to do
this to create longer thicker fuller
lashes it's up to you
I then run the tip of the wand again
through my eyelashes because when you
get a bit of mascara on the end of the
wand and it helps to create a more
thicker lash
so you can see that eyelashes are
becoming thicker and yet do that as many
times as you want really
Oh
okay now I'm gonna do my bottom lashes
so I use the tip of the wand to run them
across my bottom lashes so that I coat
the lashes with quite a bit of mascara
and then I use the same technique as I
did on my top lash I just wiggle the
brush backwards and forwards to bring
the lashes out and to create length it
almost looks as if my bottom lash is
actually longer than my top lashes
because of all the eyelashes that I lost
wearing the extensions and then you just
clean up any mascara where the q-tip
once again remove any clumps with a
spoolie just wiggle it back and forth
and there you have it lovely long volume
of slashes thank you for watching
everybody and I hope you enjoyed this
video see you next time bye